# MUSIFY
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/o5zp9yoRPTI?si=eaqn4xaQx9F5FU9B
#### Description:

The name of the project is musify . As the name symbolises music , it is a music listening website that was build with the help of HTML , JAVASCRIPT and CSS.

HTML - HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language and is the standard markup language for creating web pages.It allows the creation and structure of sections, paragraphs, and links using HTML elements such as tags and attributes. HTML defines the content and structure of web content and is often assisted by technologies such as Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and scripting languages such as JavaScript. HTML is a combination of Hypertext and Markup language, with Hypertext defining the link between web pages, and Markup Language providing a series of markings that instruct a web browser on what it should do with those pieces of text. HTML tells a web browser how to display text, images, and other forms of multimedia on a webpage.

JAVASCRIPT - JavaScript is a programming language used to implement complex features on web pages. It is the third layer of the layer cake of standard web technologies, alongside HTML and CSS. JavaScript is a lightweight, cross-platform, single-threaded, and interpreted compiled programming language with first-class functions. It is well-known for the development of web pages, and many non-browser environments also use it. JavaScript functions can improve a website's user experience, from refreshing social media feeds to displaying animations and interactive maps.

CSS - CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is a style sheet language used for specifying the presentation and styling of a document written in a markup language such as HTML or XML. It separates the content from the visual representation of the site and is a cornerstone technology of the World Wide Web, alongside HTML and JavaScript.CSS handles the look and feel part of a web page, allowing you to control the color, font, size of text, spacing between paragraphs, how columns are sized and laid out, what background images or colors are used, layout designs, variations in display for different devices and screen sizes, and a variety of other effects. It is a simple design language intended to transform the presentation of web pages as well as many ostensibly non-web environments.

This project mainly focuses on creating a clean environment for listening music . You will find a home page where the playlist presents and there you can select the music that you want to listen . It has a pleasant background image .
There is seperate music covers for each songs that you would like to listen , and there will be a play button near to each song . There will be a music bar at the bottom of the page . Using which you can control the music . There are options like play , pause , next song and prevous song . I have used buttond for those functions . When you play a particular song you can find the song's displaying under the control bar . You can also slide through the bar for listening to a particular area.I have used js to control the actions like pause , play and all other functions . I have css to style the overall look of the website and html as its backbone.